# Export backend module was removed

the backend module for exports was removed in this version.
The backend module is extracted into an own extension "in2studyfinder_export" to streamline the extension.

# function cmpObj in StudyCourse model was removed

the default sorting of courses is now done via repository.
If a complex sorting is required you can use the newly introduced events:

* `ModifyFilterActionFluidVariablesEvent`
* `ModifyFastSearchActionFluidVariablesEvent`

**Migration:**

if you use the cmpObj function inside the course object please use the above-mentioned events.

# Extension setting: "enableCaching" was removed

Caching is now enabled by default. The extension setting `enableCaching=0` has no effect anymore.

# Rename of extbase plugin in2studyfinder_pi1 to in2studyfinder_filter

**Migration:**

execute the `ExtbasePluginListTypeToCTypeUpdate` upgrade wizard to migrate existing plugins

# Extbase plugins now use CType instead of list_type

**Migration:**

execute the `ExtbasePluginListTypeToCTypeUpdate` upgrade wizard to migrate existing plugins

# Interfaces of extbase models where removed

The following interfaces where removed:

* `AcademicDegreeInterface`
* `AdmissionRequirementInterface`
* `CourseLanguageInterface`
* `DepartmentInterface`
* `FacultyInterface`
* `GlobalDataInterface`
* `GraduationInterface`
* `StartOfStudyInterface`
* `StudyCourseInterface`
* `TtContentInterface`
* `TypeOfStudyInterface`

**Migration:**

use the model classes like `AcademicDegree`, `Graduation` etc. instead

# TcaUtility was removed

Due to Tca simplifications this utility is no longer necessary.

**Migration:**

if a function of the TcaUtility was used in a custom extension, the functionality must be transferred to the custom extension.
